NAME
    httpbench - Simple HTTP bencharking tool

SYNOPSIS
    httpbench -u <url> -d sec -d concurrent -r rps [-t ms] [-e expected]

DESCRIPTION
    HTTP Bench is a small program for Linux, UNIX and a like written in C
    which can be used to benchmark HTTP servers. For more infos please
    consult the project website.

  Arguments
   Mandatory
    "-u urllistfile"
                Path to a text file containing a list of all HTTP-URLs to
                request during a benchmark.

    "-d seconds"
                Duration of the benchmark in seconds. E.g. 300 for a five
                minutes benchmark.

    "-c concurrent"
                Number of cuncurrent threads used by the benchmark.

    "-r rps"    Requests per second wanted for the benchmark.

   Optional
    "-t timeoutms"
                Timeout in milliseconds for each request. This timeout will
                actually not interrupt any requests. It's there just for
                statistical reasons. E.g. how many requests take longer than
                x milliseconds?

    "-d seconds"
                Duration of the benchmark in seconds. E.g. 300 for a five
                minutes benchmark.

    "-e expectedresponsestr"
                The expected response of a request. E.g. all requests should
                contain HTML in its reponse. All responses not matching are
                counted and reported.

  EXAMPLES
    "httpbench -u mylist.txt -d 60 -c 10 -r 1000"
                Iterates over each url in mylist.txt with 10 cuncurrent
                threads for 60 seconds and tries to reach 1000 requests per
                second. Each curl failure will be reported at the end of the
                test (total count and total %).

    "httpbench -u mylist.txt -d 300 -c 1000 -r 10000 -t 20 -e "Hello World""
                Iterates over each url in mylist.txt with 1000 cuncurrent
                threads for 5 minutes and tries to reach 10000 requests per
                second. Each request which takes longer than 20 milliseconds
                will be reported at the end of the test (total count and
                total %) and each request which does not contain "Hello
                World" in its response string will also be reported (total
                count and total %). The curl errors will also be reported.

LICENSE
    See package description or project website.

AUTHOR
    Paul Buetow - <http://httpbench.buetow.org>

